# Meeting 03-02-2015

## Agenda
Meeting topics and questions
----------------------------
 **1. Making sure everything is in order for next KHD semester:**

 - **Are all the economics in order?**
     - How much money do we have?
 - **Whats the status of the kids signup?**
     - How many kids do we have on each day?
     - Do we need more kids?
 - **Who is working on each day?**
     - Mondays: Simon, Marzy, Carl?
     - Tuesdays: Simon, Isabella, Viktoria?
	 - Wednesdays: Simon, Marzy, Murilo?
	 - Only one person with salary each day?
	 - Do we need more people working in the club?
 - **Documents and calendar**
	 - discuss and select system to use, or assign person to investigate.
	 - **What documents do we need?**
		 - Yennenga master document
		 - contact information for staff
		 - contact information for kids and parents
		 - Work time-sheet for salary
		 - shopping list
		 - other?
 - **Workshops**
	 - Whats the status on workshops?
	 - Who is doing them?
	 - Are there salary for these?
	 - what skills/knowledge are needed?
	
 - **Monthly "workshop" for sharing knowledge and ideas**
	- should we have them? In that case how should they be done?
 - **3D-printers**
 	- When should we assemble?
 	- together with the kids? how should that work?
 - **Slow internet**
 	- what can be done?

**2. Program development**

 - **Small presentation of the project page**
 - **What projects should we focus on?**
	 - arduino?
	 - scratch for arduino?
	 - quirkbot?
	 - kano? app development or using available apps?
	 - programming (python, javascript, web development, minecraft)?
	 - other?
 - **What difficulty labeling system should we use?**
	 - 1-5
	 - beginner-advanced
	 - other?
 - **Should we develop "kits" alongside the project development, that we can sell to the children or anyone who is interested ?**
	 - should they be bound to a project or be more general purpose?
 - **Should we have some kind of way to keep track of the children's progress with the projects (or in general)?**
 - **Mini-lectures? (as suggested by some of the children)**
	 - Physics
	 - Astronomy
	 - Internet security
	 - Etc

**3. The club**

 - **Routines at the club**
	 - should be written down in document for all to accesss
	 - no shoes in rooms
	 - routine for picking up children and sending them off?
	 - how do we handle injuries/accidents?
	 - cleaning routines?
	 - fruits? split between groups(ekolådan)?
	 - activity documentation?
	 - routine for sending attendance confirmation emails to parents?
 - **Equipment**
	 - what equipment do we need? (Garbage cans, broom, boxes, tools, cloth hangers, other?)
 - **Material organization**
	 - how should we organize all material?
	 - should we keep an inventory?

## Discussion

### Proper look at the economy
Because of Reach for change taxes, we need to check how much budget we'll have.

### List of kids
- Monday 2 left 10 max
- Tuesday 5 max 
- Wednesday 10 max
- Do not count on Wille and Sarah
- Talk with Beatrice about having the same deal as Wille

### People working
- Monday: Marzi, Simon and missing one
- Tuesday: Isabella on Tuesday
- Wednesday: Marzi, Simon and missing one

Viktoria and Greg perhaps should come in one of this days.
Murilo can't come during business hours.

** We have to take a look on the budget to see who and how much can be paid **

### Documents and calendar
Google drive + calendar, so we all can see what happens and who work what day. 

### Workshops
Carl is working on them. Skills needed: strawbees, quirkbot.

### Internal workshops
Can blend into the tuesday meetings, we’ll keep on meeting at tuesdays. 

### 3D-printers
Murilo takes responsibility for that.

### Slow internet 
Live with it or see how much it cost to pay monthly. 
More activities without internet.  
Put up an own router-repeater.

### KHD project page
Simon did a little demonstration.

** Difficulty level: ** 

Maybe we should just don’t classify projects by difficulty and just put them up. If we feel that we need to make easy-difficult categories we can do that later.  

** Important: **

should be easy to upload, find a good hack to upload images easy.
Team to mantain and collaborate on the project page. 

** Account system: ** 

access by authorization.  

** For who is this page? ** 

For us... for the kids... tutorials should be written in a way that the kids could go in there and learn stuff. We shouldn’t give the kids own accounts. 

### First aid kit
First aid kit, icepack (in case anyone gets a burn). Print one list of parents and volunteers phones. Do an emergency plan. Simon takes care of this. 

### Homepage: 
Independent page for Stockholm. Squarespace. Post a global one on KHD fbpage to Greg.

### What projects should we focus on?

Next meeting bring some big question with projects related to it.

## To Do

* Check the money situation with Carl (Simon, Isabella)
* Talk with Beatrice about having the same deal as Wille (Isabella)
* Check if Viktoria and Gregory could come during the week (?)
* First aid kit and emergency plan (Simon)
* Assemble 3D Printers (Murilo)
* New Innovation Club Page (Isabella)

## Next meeting date

10/02/2015

## Who was there?

* Simon
* Isabella
* Marzieh
* Paulo
* Murilo
