# 03-03-2015

## Agenda

Freestyle

## Discussions

### Finances

- 2 unpaid invoices (30k, 15k paid) yay!
- Separate accounts only to pay taxes
- March rental is paid
- Carls company has a contract with TomTits (Quirkbot). He has to deliver 3 one day education for TomTits for the low-level staff. We can get 10k each day 18-20 of May. The goal is to teach them how to help with QuirkBot. Ready to invoice Carls company.

Tomtits dates (13h to 16h):

- 28th march
- 15th of april
- 9th of may
- Run the club at TomTits with kids there. We could bring kids from club.
Perhaps we could give KHD kids some stickers and tshirts.
5k per time. (What date?)

### School

After this season we might leave to a school.
Should we have this hackerspace in the school or have our independent hacker club dynamic?

### 3D Printer

Murilo brought the old printer home to fix
Not this but the next weekend we should make a sprint to assemble our printer. (At least one)
Print the legend doc as a reference.

### Homepage

Gregory was supposed to create a page for the Club in the kidshackday.com.
Let's be proactive: Murilo will take this.
Simon will send Murilo the updated version of the old site information.

### Easter break

We will make a break in the week 15.
Can be used as a internal development week.

### Club 

Email about the change on club's schedule.
Isabella will mail the parents to communicate this.

## Cards

Cancel Murilo's new card and ask new.
Cassandra will mail Simon.

## To-do

- Fix the club home page (Murilo)
- Email about club's schedule change (Isabella)
- Cancel and ask again for Murilo's card and Cassandra new card (Simon)

## Who was there?

- Paulo
- Isabella
- Marzieh
- Simon
- Cassandra
- Carl (not until the end)
- Murilo
- Two parents
