# Meeting 08-10-2014

## Agenda
* Pending to-dos from [last meeting](http://kidshackday.github.io/wiki/#!meetings/29-09-2014.md)
* Discuss the plan with the new locations
* Activities agenda for the first weeks (Energizer, concept introduction, stations, etc...)

## Discussion

### Pending to-dos from last meeting

* DONE Send the email to tell about postponing the event ( Isabella )
* FAILED Go to the space to check how many of what should we buy ( Paulo, Isabella, everyone )
* FAILED Go to IKEA buy the shopping list ( Paulo and Isabella )
* DONE Call Tiger and ask for straws ( Isabella )
	* We can buy with them 
* DONE Add everyone access to the wiki ( Murilo )
* FAILED Everyone needs to post something on wiki ( everyone )
* FAILED Make the list of the volunteers we can call ( Isabella )
* FAILED Book a day to go through the stations to learn everything ( Isabella )
	* We need a better communication channel and it will be Facebook
	* Should we make a group for the kids? This will be a resolution from the first week.
* FAILED Start a list of energizer ( Murilo )
* DONE Create a channel for for documentation ( Murilo )
	* Process wiki and Minecraft Wiki
* DONE Buy the printers ( Carl )
	* It's ordered but not paid
* Check which volunteers are available and when 
	* One of Viktoria Friends can vome and Merci can
* Install everything on Kanos
	* Ordered but waiting

### Discuss the plan with the new locations

Rent space in Payer office? But it's share with other people.
In the worst case Payer office, they have two rooms we can rent but only after 4th of November.
We'll use their office on the 13th.

We have MakersPark at least the 2 first weeks. But we need to have 3.
Try to get the deal with MakersPark.

Isabella is searching for a 100m2 place kids friendly.
Would be super cool with Warehouses.

Viktoria need the keys to work at MakersPark to build the robots because of tools, materials and everything.

### Activities agenda for the first weeks

We need 3 schedules:

#### Week #1 (Inspiration)
Energizer: The big machine

Ask kids what are their expactations
Ask kids that already been at innovation explain

Talk about what are our programs
	This is not a school
	They can work on their own invention
	Show videos from other cities
	Show instagram
	Exibition of inspirational robots

Ask where cool kids hangout on internet
Talk about open source
Create githubs account

Concept introduction: How to turn on a LED!
Free exploration
Fiber optics
Strawbees

Ask them to bring and think about halloween stuff

#### Week #2 (Wearables halloween)
Energizer: ?

Make something to them say "Wooow"
Concept introduction: Color and light

Free exploration
Interactive Pumpkim
Draw pumpink on Minecraft
Costumes


## To Do

* Buy Straws (Isabella)
* Unify Wikis (Murilo)
* Make a good description for kids about what is KHD and and Innovation Club (Carl)
* Create internal document about what is KHD and our culture (Carl)
* Buy more storage on friday morning (bigs around 6, smalls around 30, box with drawers, etc... check the previous meeting shopping list) (Paulo)
* Ressucitate Oakwood Robots (Paulo)
* Make a list of inpirational robots (Viktoria and Paulo)
* List of energizer (Murilo)
* Check which volunteers are available and when 
* Everyone needs to post something on wiki ( everyone )
* Make the list of the volunteers we can call ( Isabella )
* Setup linux on new PC and check the old (Murilo)
* Book a day to go through the stations to learn everything ( Isabella )

* Write documentation of stations for new volunteers
* Go to the space to check how many of what should we buy
* Go to IKEA buy the shopping list
* Recruitment strategy
* Install everything on Kanos
* Buy the printers
* Mount the printers

## Next meeting date


## Who was there?
* Paulo
* Murilo
* Isabella
* Victoria
* Carl (Partial)

