# Meeting 17-02-2015

## From last meeting

- List of phones to be with the first aid kit (Isabella)
- Get the content from old site and put in the new site (Gregory)
- Tell the parents how many sessions they paid (Isabella)

## Agenda

**1. Stuff**
   - 3D Printers status?
   - what is the situation on sponsors?
   - club session documentation
      - small summary on each day. on github? 
      - instagram accout?
      - blog. Johan status?
   - parents group?
   - sports week. No kids. What should we do?


**2. Program development**

 - **What projects should we focus on?**
	 - arduino?
	 - scratch for arduino?
	 - quirkbot?
	 - kano? app development or using available apps?
	 - programming (python, javascript, web development, minecraft)?
	 - other?
 - **Should we develop "kits" alongside the project development, that we can sell to the children or anyone who is interested ?**
	 - should they be bound to a project or be more general purpose?
 - **Should we have some kind of way to keep track of the children's progress with the projects (or in general)?**
 - **Mini-lectures? (as suggested by some of the children)**
	 - Physics
	 - Astronomy
	 - Internet security
	 - Etc

**3. The club**

 - **Routines at the club**
	 - should be written down in document for all to accesss
	 - no shoes in rooms
	 - routine for picking up children and sending them off?
	 - cleaning routines?
	 - fruits? split between groups(ekolådan)?
	 - activity documentation?
	 - routine for sending attendance confirmation emails to parents?
 - **Equipment**
	 - what equipment do we need? (Garbage cans, broom, boxes, tools, cloth hangers, other?)
	 - make a proiority list-document in google drive.
 - **Material organization**
	 - should we keep an inventory?

## Discussion

## To Do

## Next meeting date

24/02/2015

## Who was there?

