# 26-10-2014 Sunday recap

## Agenda

* Sunday recap
* Planning next week

### Sunday recap

We started with some minecraft papercrafting, folding and tryied out to put some LEDs inside the toys since we didn't have any vibration motor.
After that we split the group between a soldering workshop and Minecraft programming session.

Minecraft session was a bit complicated because we were 5 kids and 2 required special attention: One didn't speak english and couldn't read or write in swedish and the other didn't want to talk in english (and got a bit aggressive). 
One of the kids interested on the Minecraft programming just dropped out after see the chaos in the beginning of the session.
Some of the kids were really really helpful handling this situation but we need more people involved, at least **one volunteer for three kids** on this sunday. We also need to set some requirements to kids to apply for this activity:

- Speak and read english.
- Bring their own computer or share someone's computer.

The soldering workshop aparently went well and kids got fun.

### Planning next week

Paulo is going to Gothemburg on Friday so he can't attend to the events this week except on urgent cases.

Murilo won't be available during this weekdays except for urgent cases.

The activities plans might be done by day instead of week themes since we have very different groups and progress.

#### Monday
For Monday we might do some Minecraft paper folding, soldering and Paulo is going to send Isabella a better introduction on programming the QuirkBot way.

#### Tuesday
Build the buttons for Reach For Change hackathon

#### Wednesday
Keep programming the robots.

## Decisions

* We are doing a volunteers jam on Sunday morning from 9am.
* The plans might be done by day instead of week themes.
* Minecraft sessions should be activities oriented and not free exploration to avoid losing control.

## To-do

- Send Isabella a better introduction on programming arduino the QuirkBot way (Paulo)
- Write some Minecraft activities (Murilo)
- Send out parents the requirement for Minecraft Programming sessions (Isabella)
- Send an invitation for volunteers that want to join the jam on sunday (Isabella)

## Who was there?

- Paulo
- Isabella
- Murilo
- Viktoria
