# Meeting 29-09-2014

## Agenda
* Venue and postpone one week
* Volunteers and Volunteer introduction
* IKEA shopping
* Fall Agenda
* 3D Printer

## Discussion

### Venue and postpone one week
We don't have time to setup everything to next week.
Propose the camp to start 13th of October to maybe January.
Maybe two sessions a week but we need to check the availability of volunteers and kids.
We need to buy things.

#### Furniture
Ikea has delivery service.

* Chairs
* Tables
* Shelfs
* Kitchen
	* Fork
	* Spoon
	* Knife
	* Cups
	* Cutting board
	* Glasses?
	* Cattle
	* Plates
	* Napkins
* Cleaning material
* Coat hangers
* Floor protection (Big roll of paper?)
* Whiteboard
* Whiteboard Pens
* One box each kids

#### Decoration
* Strawbees scupltures
* 3D printed stuff
* Light
* Fractal fabriken

#### Electrical electornic
* Power extensions
* Screens
* Adapters
* Lights
* Lamps
* Vacuum cleaner
* TV (if we have enough money)

#### Material for the operations
Tape / Double face tape
Scisors
Colorful paper
Glue
Straws
Wires
Strings
Cardboard
Fans for the soldering station
Guache
Crayon
Pens

### Volunteer and Volunteer Introduction
We have small groups. The biggest (monday) one is 7 kids and the others 6.
Hanna, Victor, Tobias from Summer Camp.
Wille maybe come.

There is two mother and one father up to help us.
They gel to make applications, raise money, bring more volunteers.

We have a girl group on tuesdays. 4 Girls.
Sara (ambassador) maybe is coming.

We should do a internal general introduction about all the stations and how to handle situations.
Write a manual and book a day to introduce to every station material.

Murilo and Paulo will be away from 11th to 18th October.
MakerCon 17-18th of October

#### Staff
* Isabella all the time.
* Viktoria is here all the days at least on the beginning (2 weeks).
* Murilo available once a weekday and weekends.
* Paulo available once a week
* Carl available once a week

#### Volunteers
* 2 Friend of Viktoria (Johanna and Sofia)
* Jannina still searching for work.
* Friends from Isabella's master.

### Fall agenda
Starts 3:30pm to 6:30pm on Monday (7 kids), Tuesday (4 girls), Wednesday (6 kids).
Starting 2:00pm to 5:00pm on Sunday with 6 kids.
Kids perhaps get their own boxes.
Setup KHD values and make kids feel it?
Get inspired by the Science Class Contract with the list of activities they proposed themselves to do and some “rules” like you can only ask an adult after asking 3 other kids.
We can come to MakersPark with the kids to laser cut or 3D print.
We can left one 3D printer unmounted and ask if the kids want to mount.
Kids can attend to activities they like after the concept presentation.

- First half hour is setup. 
- Start with an energizer.
- Present a concept of Robotic, Programming or Wearables.
- Each person will present one concept and once a week present to one group.
- Free exploration.
- Last half hour cleaning the space.

#### Wearables station
Make different bracelets, soldering leds, optical fibber, halloween costumes, etc…

#### Permanent stations
Strawbees and soldering.

#### Robot program
Robotics will present one mechanic principle and everyday and inspire them to make their own pieces or just build the example. Kids will program arduino on Kano’s.
The advanced project should be a collective project and all the free time the stations responsible will be working on this big project.
The robotic station will adopt the QuirkBot as it’s main tool.

#### Game Development / Programming
Ask what they discovered new the last week, introduce a concept, demo and most important: Document what they did somehow. 
They can use their computers or Kanos but my target is to make them want linux.

### 3D Printer
Ultimaker 1 with the heated bed, yay! It comes with the doodle 3D. 14k krones with 3DVerkstan.

## Decisions
* We move the start to 13th of October.
* We decided the daily event structure.
* We decided to buy 2 the Ultimaker 1 with heated bed.
* We’ll go to the space this saturday at 1pm.
* IKEA will happen after we go to the space (Sunday).

## To Do
* Send the email to tell about postponing the event ( Isabella )
* Go to the space to check how many of what should we buy ( Paulo, Isabella, everyone )
* Go to IKEA buy the shopping list ( Paulo and Isabella )
* Call Tiger and ask for straws ( Isabella )
* Check which volunteers are available and when 
* Add everyone access to the wiki ( Murilo )
* Everyone needs to post something on wiki ( everyone )
* Make the list of the volunteers we can call ( Isabella )
* Write documentation of stations for new volunteers
* Book a day to go through the stations to learn everything ( Isabella )
* Recruitment strategy
* Start a list of energizer ( Murilo )
* Create a channel for for documentation ( Murilo )
* Install everything on Kanos
* Buy the printers ( Carl )
* Mount the printers

## Next meeting date
6th October.

## Who was there?
Paulo
Murilo
Isabella
Carl (floating around)
Victoria (left before end)

------
*[Edit this page](https://github.com/KidsHackDay/wiki/edit/gh-pages/meetings/29-09-2014.md)*
