# 09-09-2014 Recap meeting

## From Last Meeting

## Agenda
* Venue
* Payment solution
* Program content for the fall
* Material

## Discussions

### Venue
- Contract in the making
- Tom Tit’s has promised money for rent
- Buy furniture for the place

### Payment Solution
- Payer can offer for free. Bring this up at meeting with Peder 

### Programm content for the fall
Parents feedback has been that kids haven’t learned that much, just been inspired.

#### Stations:
- Paulo will use the Quirkbot API for the robot building 
- Game development: Murilo takes over Jonathan’s work 
	- Run minecraft on your own server.
	- Chose between Game maker / unity / javascript framework / processing / scratch / minecraft for developing projects to create games 
	- Carl contacts Mojang to continue sponsorship for server cost 


- Digital fabrication - need a person for this
	- 3D printers: New Ultimaker1 with heating pad. Assemble your self cost 1100 euro (excl VAT)
	- Desktop printers for 9000 SEK but then you need to buy 10 at the same time. Maybe Makerspark will buy this so we can include one for KHD. This might come within a month. 
	- Mechanical part of the robotics would go under a program for lasercutting 
	- egg-bot and watercolor bot
	- lasercutting

- Wearable electronics
	- Soldering
	- Isabella is doing this.

### Material
- Get the Kano’s
- Mouse and gadgets for Kanos
- Eletronics for robot construction

## To Do
- Buy materials from china (Paulo)
- Research how to run Minecraft Pi on kids computers

## Who was there?
* Jonathan
* Daniel
* Paulo
* Carl
* Murilo
* Victoria

------
*[Edit this page](https://github.com/KidsHackDay/wiki/edit/gh-pages/meetings/09-09-2014.md)*
